>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna take you
on a quick tour of the code base and
then we'll take a break and
do this exercise.
Turns out in the Lib directory,
there is this thing called API.
Because computer set ups and like,
remote people, it's actually using index
DB to fake being a server but it is
a promised based asynchronous library.
I didn’t wanna have to worry
about people setting up servers.
So we actually have an API for
storing items in local storage,
removing them, toggling them,
everything along those lines.
What I want you to do is kind of again
looking at the difference between
a regular action creator,
and our API abstraction,
what we're gonna do is convert our
applications to use thunks instead.
So let's just really quickly look at the
API library, again it is absurdly simple.
So we have a few different items in here.
And so you're gonna actually check
out a branch called redux-thunk to
start out with.
>> Steve Kinney: Or
I might have to update this shortly.
I'll make a branch called
redux-thunk base really quickly.
But the major things is, we can add
an item, we can get all of the items.
This will probably work,
I just have the new version.
We can add an item, we can get all
of the items, we can delete an item,
we can update an item,
we can mark all of as packed.
It's just an abstraction
updating them all.
This, we don't actually use right now,
which is deleteUnpackedItems, but
it's available.
So, what we wanna do during this exercise
is take our synchronous action creators
and we're going to want to change
them to make these API calls.
So, you can just import
API from lib/API and
then if you do API.getAll with
parentheses, that will return a promise.
And when that promise resolves,
then we wanna dispatch the action, right.
So definitely check out
those two previous slides,
because that's gonna be the pattern
you're going to implement.
And then we'll go over that together.